lxc.network.type {
     specify  what kind of network virtualization to be used for the container.

    none:  will  cause the container to share the host's network namespace. 

    empty: will create only the loopback interface.

    veth: a virtual ethernet pair device is created with one side assigned to the container and the other side attached  to  a  bridge  specified  by  the
    lxc.network.link  option.   

    vlan: a vlan interface is linked with the interface specified by the lxc.network.link and assigned to the container. The vlan identifier is  specified
    with the option lxc.network.vlan.id.

    macvlan:  a  macvlan interface is linked with the interface specified by the lxc.network.link and assigned to the container.  

    phys: an already existing interface specified by the lxc.network.link is assigned to the container.
 }
lxc.network.flags {
    specify an action to do for the network.

    up: activates the interface.    
}
lxc.network.link {
    specify the interface to be used for real network traffic.
}
lxc.network.mtu {
    specify the maximum transfer unit for this interface.
}
lxc.network.name {
    the  interface  name is dynamically allocated, but if another name is needed because the configuration files being used by the container use a generic
    name, eg. eth0, this option will rename the interface in the container.
}
lxc.network.hwaddr {
    the interface mac address is dynamically allocated by default to the virtual interface, but in some cases, this is needed to  resolve  a  mac  address
    conflict  or  to  always  have the same link-local ipv6 address.  Any "x" in address will be replaced by random value, this allows setting hwaddr tem‐
    plates.
}
lxc.network.ipv4 {
    specify the ipv4 address to assign to the virtualized interface. Several lines specify several ipv4 addresses.  The address is  in  format  x.y.z.t/m,
    eg. 192.168.1.123/24. The broadcast address should be specified on the same line, right after the ipv4 address.
}
lxc.network.ipv4.gateway {
    specify  the ipv4 address to use as the gateway inside the container. The address is in format x.y.z.t, eg.  192.168.1.123.  Can also have the special
    value auto, which means to take the primary address from the bridge interface (as specified by the lxc.network.link option) and use that as the  gate‐
    way. auto is only available when using the veth and macvlan network types.
}